I'm getting all these little words of
wisdom this going to be a very short
video down below much time
my boys just show the bananas that we
had we're talking about she says these
are ripened naturally they're very good
bananas and she says the ones that you
buy in the store have what is the name
of the powder L bottle
cow bottom corner it looks like a powder
heinie
looks like a white legs out there hiding
a foot I think this honey this is an
Omaha not to run honey a natural ripen
natural ripening it makes it on right
honey
yeah not by the chemical to put a hand
in make right so they put this powder on
user so more it feels warm
yeah that's one man if you if you hold
that kind of father honey you feel warm
so the papaya banana honey to make it
right but sambhaavana knife once right
honey
by the caliber oh snap good so the ashes
of a shippin grain so they can last a
long time and then when they're ready to
actually sell them they put this cutter
on yeah sometimes at water fountains
death powder we're to get your hands and
you eat it sometimes in banana tea and
honey very young so that's why he put up
a board oh honey in in about of Italian
above the water on the honey about
people put the powder Calvo Romani and
put the what focus honey make the honey
boss let's be sunny it was in the box
honey or cover a container I put a cover
the children yeah I put a cover
honey maybe three days or four days it
is ripe right by okuru when you eat
honey and then when you eat honey we
have the fight of banana high knees high
I see I seen that I mean bananas you
wonder why is that like that
that is not that nothing on the right
planning I'll be done I'm gonna look
that up and see if I put some more
information on internet on it it's funny
how we get talking and I say I gotta
turn the camera on and water yeah Nana
from Bihar yeah that's right and they
are delicious I can't believe it there
definitely is a difference in the taste
because I started in a banana
these are delicious a face I need if I
borrow and that's illallah yeah